hello everyone I was was comment those of the
dgt guides
Estevez with a light weight already seen in
the previous installment of the saga although it
was about another model and that is one of
the big surprises within this
blackout 2
we are talking about the m 48 let's start
that of mica 48 is 1 meter lightly
Belgian and American made since 2003
by efe in the same company as the fall
or the p 90 for example keeps certain
similar to the m 249 both in
appearance as in features already
that of her cinema being a version
improved to m 40 and 60 already seen in
modern warfare 3 is used by the sun
as Americans especially we go with the
m 48 black ops 2
m 48 is the first light input of the
game without counting the classes
predetermined available from
level 4 is fully automatic
shooting a non negligible figure
625 blocks per minute so the
cadence is somewhat low considering
that I only meter lightly however
thanks to this your backwardness will be very
controllable the bad thing about this white b2 is
that the light version does not
has neither accessories nor advantages
accelerate the recharge so
We will be forced to suffer a while
of recharge of almost 8 seconds is already the
Charger half or empty
your bathroom is the highest inside the
category killing three shots at
body from close to medium distances and from
far the environment is somewhat more open
we will use four shots even though these
distances exceed 55 meters
situations that will not be very common
its potential reach is also the most
high between the light metras so
this coupled with its great damage to the weapon
an authentic machine to kill your
multiplier damage to the head is for
1,2 so added the above
said now that we kill enemies with a
incredible ease of two or three bullets
combining a low rate with a damage
and bestial reach and its highest
precision we manage to get some
times in killing almost instantaneous but
as is the recoil the shots of the
america 48 follow a pretty pattern
irregular but thanks to its accuracy
even at long distances our
shots were incredibly accurate their
look at the best we found
defect in the game reminding us of the
look at the m 41 of the modern saga
warfare and serving us both short
as long distances with all these
data let's see the best combination of
advantages accessories and competitions for
this weapon
within the category of accessories
we recommend practically all of them since
they adapt in a spectacular way to the
mica 48 but we highlight 6 a look like
I said earlier it is not
really necessary but for those
that do not like the iron sight
some mines like that of or roof or
seeker of targets will be very useful and
attentive and even the hybrid looks
The variety zoom sights are the
accessories to stand out for weird that you
look for short distances is not very
useful but for long socks is the best
that there is also allows us to increase
with two different points in the targeted
which will help to gain accuracy since
the center of this sight is in
a red dot may seem to you
strange but of the three best accesses
of the m-40 done under our point of
view
the stock is not a vital accessory but
yes it helps to be able to move while
we are aiming it is as if not
we were getting look is something that
will improve our ability to avoid
shots and move through the mapping if the
consequences and cons of the low
speed of movement that we will have
while we carry this cow in our
arms as we said is not vital for
kill easily with the m 48 but
combined with other accessories and that
it was useful
he draws fast he leans a lot
more necessary in this weapon the
lightweight has a time has
aimed very high so the four
lines of the reticle that indicates
by its proximity how accurate it will be
the shot will take longer to come together and
therefore less accurate will be the shot
with this accessory we will solve something
this deficiency and if we put it together with the
look at laser that makes this separation
of the four lines is smaller by
defect will have to be pointed and never more
again be a problem
finally the silencer is a way
smart to take advantage of the weapon
if the m-40 in fact has a huge
reach a high damage put a
silencer will practically not affect you
no chance and will help us maintain
the something hidden from the enemy while
we drag the area
besides the silencers in metals
light will get an optical effect of
added stability
so you will go with more confidence and more
insurance
he what is advantage refers we choose
as a first lightweight advantage one of
the drawbacks of Mecca 48 is the
speed when moving that will be reduced in
50% with respect to an assault rifle
therefore light weight the one that
difference is cut to a large extent
something very useful from the battlefield
as a second false advantage by essential
for the combats outside the short ones
distances may the m 48 have
apprehension but this one will go to hell if
they shoot us while we aim so
hardness in our opinion is something very
Useful
put agile hands gives us the
feeling of speed also since
we change our weapon and we will launch equipment
more quickly but not even remotely is it so
useful as hardness and finally in the
third slot extreme condition dexterity
will be something very versatile skill in addition
to help us climb through more surfaces
quick so we can aim faster at
stop correct and extreme conditions
will extend the seconds of total sprint is
something to go from end to end the
map is not but that nothing else
and here is our recommended class is
one of the possible classes that in
our opinion is better suited to the
dynamic of the light inputs but
each one will have a class that
work better or worse
in summary the mica 48 is a mastodon
on any occasion damage reach
precision never iron 100 bullets or
135 with extended colors all these
factors indicate that it is a weapon
incredibly powerful that will serve us
on any occasion being the stockings and
the long distances where it stands out
since they are in these distances where more
profit we will get him killing from the
same shots as at short distances
the only downside that we find is a
Slow recharge time of almost eight
seconds that will make us have to
take cover every so often for
avoid being killed
that's why carrying a secondary gun is
incredibly useful in these occasions
of note we put a 9 in the theory and
another one in practice since it does not disappoint
no doubt it will be a killing machine game
jo jo ho ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
seriously to talk to the writer
these degrading
do not miss the next